{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red42\green46\blue57;\red143\green153\blue177;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18700\viewh13100\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0  
\f1\fs46 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc2 Have I found the best home for my router?
\b \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa321\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
This can be a bit tricky, because there\'92s two things you need to keep in mind. Where\'92s best for both your broadband and your Wi-Fi signal. Here are some tips to help you decide.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa18\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf2 Best for your broadband signal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa321\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
First of all, find your\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/search?q=master+telephone+socket&oq=master+telephone+socket"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 master telephone socket}}. This is the best socket to connect your router to. It\'92s usually closest to where the telephone line comes into your home or office. You don\'92t have to connect your router to this one. But you\'92ll get the best broadband performance from it, especially if you have a poor quality or long line.\
If you find your broadband works just as well in other sockets, go ahead and use them instead. But if you\'92re having problems, like connection dropping regularly, use the master socket whilst you\'92re sorting it out.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa18\partightenfactor0

\b\fs40 \cf2 Best for Wi-Fi signal\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa321\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
For the strongest connection, it\'92s best to put your router:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
out in an open space in your home or office, that\'92s not on the floor\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
close to your computer (somewhere central in your home or office is best)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
away from any thick walls, metal objects or electrical appliances\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa321\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Don\'92t worry if you can\'92t do them all, but do as many as you can.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa140\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa44\partightenfactor0

\fs46 \cf2 \ul How do I get rid of Wi-Fi interference?
\b \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa321\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
Your router uses radio signals, which can be interrupted by other electrical appliances in your home. Microwaves, Bluetooth devices, cordless phones, fridges and baby monitors are some of the most common culprits. So try and keep your router away from them.\
If you\'92re getting a lot of problems when you use a cordless phone, you might need to get one that broadcasts on a higher frequency. Before you buy one, tell the retailer about the problem you\'92re having, so they can advise you on the best phone.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa44\partightenfactor0

\fs46 \cf2 \ul How do I get the best from my Wi-Fi channel?
\b \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl320\sa321\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs28 \cf2 \
For 2.4GHz Wi-Fi routers there are 13 channels for Wi-Fi in the UK, each giving a slightly different frequency. You\'92ll only be connected to one, so the others can sometimes disturb your connection.\
So, how does your router decide which one to connect to? Well, it\'92ll usually try to choose the one being used the least in the area.\
The new Plusnet Hub One router is even cleverer. It uses dual-band Wi-Fi, which means it connects to two different frequencies, to give you an even stronger Wi-Fi signal.\
Get the best from your new Hub One router by using devices alongside it which work on 5GHz. Newer computers should work fine, but older machines might need a bit of upgrading. You can do this easily using a dual-band USB dongle. Have a look at our\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://dillinger.io/help/broadband/router-user-guides/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 router guides}}\'a0for a bit more on this.\
If you\'92re having problems with any router, you should check it\'92s connected to a channel that\'92s as free as possible. There are ways to check how many routers are using the same channel as you, have a look on our\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://community.plus.net/forum/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 forums}}\'a0for more info. If, when you look, your router is using a channel with a lot of routers on it, you\'92ll be better off changing to a less common one. Channel one, six or eleven will usually give you the best speed.\
}